[Workers] add plan type for sentry integration (#12364)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/observability/sentry-integration.md

This integration allows you to connect to a Sentry project from your Worker to automcatically send errors and uncaught exceptions to Sentry with no code changes needed in the Workers application.

{{<Aside type="note">}}

> This integration is available to all customers on the Workers Paid and Enterprise plans. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sentry integration is available to all Enterprise customers and Free, Pro, and Business customers on the Workers Paid plan. 
```
